
Hardy Horse comes in 3 parts:

1)	"hardy horse bottom v01"
	This is the main part of the sprite, slice it into cells of 64x64.
	When you have a riding character sprite, make sure it renders on top of this layer.
	The version number denotes the color palette (breed of horse), be sure to match the versions for the "top" and "bottom" layers.

2)	"hardy horse top v01"
	This is the head when it needs to be in front of the rider.
	Make sure you render this layer above the "bottom" AND any riding character sprites.
	Like the "bottom" you need to slice this into cells of 64x64, the placement of each cell alligns with the "bottom" automatically.

3)	"hardy horse extras 32x32"
	These are the shadow sprites, and should always be rendered below all other layers.
	Refer to the animation guide image to know which frame to use for a given animation.
	Note: when jumping, you can set your own desired height, make sure the shadow maintains the same speed an trajectory while the horse is airborne.



Please examine the "hardy horse animation guide" image to help you put together all the animations.
Here's a breif explanation of the info on the animation guide:

Cell reference (purple)
	The purple 3-digit number (at the top left of each cell) is the cell reference number.
	Use this number to help find the animation frame in your animation editor.

Frame timing (yellow)
	The yellow 3-digit number (below the purple one) is the timing, in milliseconds, for that particular frame.
	If there's an infinity symbol, then you can leave it on that frame as long as you like.

Shadow cell reference (green)
	The green single-digit number (to the right of the purple one) is the cell reference of the shadow sprite from "hardy horse extras 32x32".
	Since there are only 4 cells, I did not bother including a separate guide for that sheet.
	The cells start at zero, so from left to right, the shadows are 0, 1, 2, and 3.
	The shadows are centered and positioned perfectly in the bottom-middle 32x32 space of the larger horse cell (64x64).
	Line them up in that spot and you never need to move it.

Animation names & frames (pink)
	The pink names and arrows (at the bottom of each frame) show you which frames are part of each animation.
	Some are meant to loop as long as you want, or play only once, and will be marked as such.

Farmer sprite reference (blue)
	The blue data (at the top right of each frame) has 4 lines:
		A 3-digit number referring to the Farmer Sprite System cell reference, so you know which frame of that asset to use.
		Transform X positioning, this is horizontal movement by pixel (line up the farmer sprite's 64x64 cell with the horse's, then make this adjustment).
		Transform Y positioning, this is vertical movement by pixel.
		Flip status, this is a horizontal flip, from facing right to facing left.
	Use this information to perfectly position your rider as intended.
	The animation guide for mounting or soothing your mount can be found in the Farmer Sprite System animation guide.